https://codepen.io/LaurenEmick/pen/XWmVxbQ

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Gives HTML meaning

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Marking up our content

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is additional information about an element and are placed in the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Titles, once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata (document title, character set, styles, links, scripts) -- specific information about the web page that is not displayed to the user.

    7. What is an id? 
    Specifies a unique id for an HTML element 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

    10. What is a class? 
    An attribute used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Unlimited 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add target="_blank" attribute to your anchor tag

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Specifies an alternate text for an image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #idName {}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is considered semantic and div is not

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling html

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can be used multiple times within a document, id can only be used once and have a heavier specificity weight.
    Examples:
    Id - to manipulate text with JavaScript
    Class - to style multiple divs

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Used to select elements with a specific parent. Greater specificity.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s)

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Universal selector *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment goes here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm<file>, permanently deletes file

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Helps you keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    After major changes or 20min

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "branch-name"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork 
        2. Add TL as a collaborator
        3. Clone
        4. In CLI, use cd to go to desired directory
        5. git clone <link-to-repo> command
        6. cd into the newly created repo using the cd <repo-name> command
        7. code . and then work on your repo
        8. git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo
        9. git add . will add the repo changes and make them ready for committing
        10. git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here"
        11. git push -u origin branch-name
        12. go to your forked project on github and change branch to your name-branch
        13. click the New pull request button 
        14. When you get to the PR page, make sure to click the dropdown button that says base repository and CHANGE it to be your FORKED REPO 
        15. Leave comments, add your TL to the Reviewers, and then submit the pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 